Mohamed Bana’s Cover Letter
I am only looking for a fully remote Golang - Senior Software Engineer -
role.

Introduction and background

I am a well-rounded Software Engineer, and I understand what it takes to
release a product having worked on the back-end, front-end, testing and
finally the deployment aspect of several products.

A role involving web technologies hosted on a cloud-based backend. I’ve
worked on all the tiers of a software product, so I can appreciate the
different concerns expressed at each level. What interests me: Go/Golang
backends, building frontends in JavaScript, complete end-to-end testing
of the final project, CI builds on the cloud, deployment on the cloud
using Google Cloud Platform (GCP), containerising software using Docker,
and orchestrating the built containers using Kubernetes.

Key skills and preferred job role

I’m flexible in terms of the choice of framework used, however, my ideal
role will involve the following:

-   Go/Golang as I have good experience with this. I have been using
    Golang since 2017.
-   A role where Linux, Google Cloud Platform/AWS/Azure, Docker/Podman
    and Kubernetes are being used. Open Banking would be a plus.

I’m up for learning more of Rust but it’s just a hobby at the moment.

Summary: Senior Software Engineer: Golang, Linux, Docker,
Docker-Compose, Kubernetes, Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Computing
(GCP), Fedora Linux.

Salary and notice period

I’m available to start immediately. I’m willing to negotiate on this as
it depends on a few things, that said:

-   If it’s a contracting role, minimum of £500 per day outside of IR35
    and £750 per day inside of IR35.
-   If it’s a permanent position, minimum of £90,000 per year.

The figures I mentioned above are not set in stone and I am willing to
listen to counter offers.

Work locations considered

A fully remote role with a UK or US company.

Any visa restrictions – if applicable (ILR, Tier 2, Dependant visa etc)

-   Passport/Nationality: I am a British citizen with a British
    passport, National Insurance number etc.
-   Drivers Licence: Full UK Driving Licence.
